Hello and welcome to this new tutorial.
In the previous tutorial, we took care of gathering
the right inputs with the right scaling
for our predictions of the January 2017 stock prices.
And now, now we're ready to make this special 3D structure
expected by the Newell network for the training,
but also for the predictions.
And so I'm gonna go back up to take what we did here
with the training set, I'm getting all this
and we will make the proper changes.
And then of course we will do this, reshaping.
But first, let's make this special structure
where we have, in each line, the 60 produced stock prices
that we need to predict the next stock prices.
So I'm getting back here, new line and pasting this.
Alright, so now what do we need to change?
Very easy, we want to create this special data set structure
for our test set and therefore, I'm gonna remove this.
y_train, we don't need it anymore.
Here, I'm gonna introduce a new variable
which I'm gonna call x_test, alright
because this will be the input that we'll need
to break the values of the test set
so that's why I'm calling it x_test to be consistent with
the inputs of the training set which we called x_train.
So x_test, we won't need a y_test because this time,
we're not doing some training.
We're directly doing some predictions, so we don't need
a ground truth anymore and so that's why I removed y_train
and now, in the loop, we need to make some little changes.
First the range.
So according to you do we need to change the range here?
Well, yes of course. But now the question is do we need
to change the lower bound, the upper bound, or both?
Well, if we keep what we did here,
of course we must not change the lower bound.
Because to get the 60 produced time steps, since we're doing
i-60 here, well of course I must start at 60.
But then, for the upper bound, things are different.
Remember this was to get the input of the training set
and the training set contains the stock prices
of five whole financial years.
And therefore that's why we had to go up to 1258,
but this time, we need to get our input for the test set
and the test set contains only 20 financial days
and therefore we only need to go up
to 60 plus 20 obviously, which is 80.
Alright, so with this we will get the 60 previous inputs
for each of the stock prices of January 2017
which contains 20 financial days.
And that's why I will take 20 values
corresponding to these 20 financial days.
Alright, so now the range is good,
we can move on to the next step which is
to append in, not x_train but this time x_test
the previous stock prices.
And the previous stock prices are indeed taken from
the range i-60 to i, but this range is taken not from
training set scale of course, it is taken from
Guess what? Well our inputs of course.
That's why we had to make out inputs before.
Perfect, and then of course we keep zero here
which corresponds to the open Google stock price
and anyway there is only one column in our inputs.
And then, this line of code we of course need to remove it.
That was for the ground truth.
We don't need any ground truth for the predictions.
And here finally, in the last line of code,
we need to do two things.
First remove everything that has to do with y_train
because we don't need any ground truth anymore.
So y_train is removed.
And then the second thing is of course
to replace x_train by x_test.
There we go, x_train replaced by x_test.
And that's it, we have our new structure.
Not the 3D structure yet, we'll get to that in a second,
but we have the structure where we have
in each line of observations, that is for each stock prices
of January 2017, we have in 60 columns
the 60 previous stock prices that we need
to predict the next stock price.
Alright, good, so, now, time to get the 3D format,
the 3D structure and we're gonna do that efficiently.
As usual, we're gonna copy this line
There we go and paste it right here.
Alright, and now very easy change to make we simply need
to replace all the x_trains here by of course x_test.
So let's do this, x_train replaced by x_test
x_train replaced by x_test, x_train replaced by x_test
and eventually, x_train replaced by x_test.
Perfect, and nothing else. All good now.
Alright, and now I have some incredible news for you.
We are ready to make the predictions.
We have the right 3D structure of our inputs
contained in x_test, that's exactly what is expecting
our recurrent neural network regressor
and therefore we are ready to apply
the predict method from this regressor
to get our predicted stock prices of January 2017.
So let's do this, time for the real deal now.
We are going to take our regressor
and from this regressor we apply the predict method
to which we need to input, of course, x_test.
X_test, that contains our inputs in the right format
to predict the stock prices of January 2017.
Perfect, but this returns actually something,
it returns the predictions, so we're gonna store
these predictions in a new variable
that we're gonna call, well, to be consistent with
the real Google stock price, we're gonna call it
predicted Google stock price,
we'll have the real Google stock price in real stock price
and the predicted Google stock price,
in predicted stock price, so there we go, let's add
predicted underscore stock underscore price
which is equal to what is returned by
the predict method taken from our regressor
and applied to the right input contained in x_test.
Perfect, that gives us the prediction and now,
now we have to do one last final little thing.
Guess what it is?
It is of course to inverse the scaling of our predictions
because of course our regressor was trained to predict
the scaled values of the stock price, but no worries.
To get the original scale of these scaled predicted values
we simply need to apply the inverse transform method
from our scaling sc object.
Alright, so that's the last thing we need to do here
and we'll be done with this new step here
getting the predicted stock price of 2017.
Let's do this, we get our predicted stock price
because we're gonna update it with the right scale
of our Google stock price values.
So, predicted stock price equals
and then we take our sc object, our scaling object,
dot and that's where we apply
the inverse underscore transform method
to which we're gonna apply of course
the predicted stock price.
I'm copying it, I'm tired of typing,
(laughs)
and pasting it here
sc inverse transform predicted stock price.
Perfect, now time to execute.
So without further ado, let's select all this section
and get our final predictions.
And in a flashlight, we just got them.
Perfect, these are right here in predicted stock price.
Let's have a look at them.
So these are predictions, this looks right at first sight
because this is indeed in the range of
the Google stock prices in the months of January 2017.
But we cannot realize yet if it follows approximately
the trend of the real Google stock price of January 2017.
But no worries we'll check that exactly in the next tutorial
when visualizing the final results.
Until then, enjoy deep learning